tt0032138_shot_0395_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Frank Morgan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0032138_shot_0395_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Eric Schniewind? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0035423_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Hugh Jackman? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0035423_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Lizzie Hopley? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0038650_shot_0737_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called James Stewart? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0038650_shot_0737_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Phil Selway? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0047396_shot_0333_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named James Stewart? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0047396_shot_0333_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ron Blair? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0048545_shot_0124_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Natalie Wood? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0048545_shot_0124_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rebecca Jackson Mendoza? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0049470_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called James Stewart? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0049470_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Matt Pashkow? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0049730_shot_0273_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Vera Miles? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0049730_shot_0273_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Addie Yungmee? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0052357_shot_0511_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kim Novak? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0052357_shot_0511_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Abigail Van Alyn? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0053221_shot_0197_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named John Wayne? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0053221_shot_0197_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Claude-Oliver Rudolph? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0054167_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Anna Massey? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0054167_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Eddie Tagoe? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0056869_shot_0320_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Tippi Hedren? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0056869_shot_0320_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Denise Mack? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0056923_shot_0835_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Audrey Hepburn? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0056923_shot_0835_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Chris April? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0057115_shot_0686_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named James Garner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0057115_shot_0686_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Chutimon Chuengcharoensukying? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0058331_shot_0353_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Julie Andrews? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0058331_shot_0353_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ed Geldart? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0058461_shot_0901_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Gian Maria Volontè? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0058461_shot_0901_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jennifer Connelly? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0061418_shot_0148_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Faye Dunaway? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0061418_shot_0148_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Warona Seane? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0061722_shot_0259_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Dustin Hoffman? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0061722_shot_0259_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Christopher Olsen? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0062622_shot_0291_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Keir Dullea? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0062622_shot_0291_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Frank Albanese? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0063442_shot_0702_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Linda Harrison? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0063442_shot_0702_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Michael McKean? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0064115_shot_0367_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Robert Redford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0064115_shot_0367_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Cooper Murray? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0064665_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jon Voight? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0064665_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Harvey Meyer? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0065214_shot_0366_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Robert Ryan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0065214_shot_0366_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Victor Verhaeghe? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0065724_shot_0320_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Karen Black? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0065724_shot_0320_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Nick Discenza? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0066026_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Donald Sutherland? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0066026_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Wollet? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0066921_shot_0631_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Malcolm McDowell? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0066921_shot_0631_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Darling Légitimus? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0067116_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Gene Hackman? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0067116_shot_0122_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Russell G. Jones? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0068646_shot_0166_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Marlon Brando? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0068646_shot_0166_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Voltaire Sterling? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0069762_shot_0723_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Sissy Spacek? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0069762_shot_0723_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Monica Giordano? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0070047_shot_0255_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ellen Burstyn? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0070047_shot_0255_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Shawnee Smith? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0070379_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Richard Romanus? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0070379_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Valerie Colgan? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0070511_shot_0639_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Dustin Hoffman? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0070511_shot_0639_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Fernando Lueches? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0070735_shot_0818_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Robert Redford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0070735_shot_0818_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Ellin Dennis? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0070849_shot_0021_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Maria Schneider? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0070849_shot_0021_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Mary Kellogg? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0071315_shot_0153_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Faye Dunaway? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0071315_shot_0153_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kelly Hitman? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0071562_shot_0684_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Al Pacino? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0071562_shot_0684_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Debie Jarczewski? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0072684_shot_0512_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Marisa Berenson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0072684_shot_0512_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Graham Bohea? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0073195_shot_0280_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Roy Scheider? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0073195_shot_0280_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Abdul Qadir Farookh? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0073629_shot_0700_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Barry Bostwick? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0073629_shot_0700_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Johnny Galecki? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0074119_shot_0814_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert Redford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0074119_shot_0814_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Delroy Lindo? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0074285_shot_0535_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named William Katt? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0074285_shot_0535_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Stephen Rider? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0075148_shot_0618_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sylvester Stallone? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0075148_shot_0618_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Eric Hatch? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0075686_shot_0373_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Woody Allen? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0075686_shot_0373_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Penny Wallace? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0076729_shot_0451_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sally Field? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0076729_shot_0451_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Giorgio Libassi? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0076759_shot_0930_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Harrison Ford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0076759_shot_0930_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ryoko Sadoshima? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0077402_shot_1220_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Scott H. Reiniger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0077402_shot_1220_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Chris Delaney? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0077405_shot_0150_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Sam Shepard? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0077405_shot_0150_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bijou Phillips? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0077416_shot_1442_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Robert De Niro? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0077416_shot_1442_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Stu Smith? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0077651_shot_0133_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jamie Lee Curtis? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0077651_shot_0133_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Paris Arrowsmith? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0078788_shot_1434_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Martin Sheen? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0078788_shot_1434_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Le Capriccio Français? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0078841_shot_0692_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Shirley MacLaine? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0078841_shot_0692_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Tomas Choy? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0079417_shot_0735_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Meryl Streep? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0079417_shot_0735_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ross Lacy? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0079470_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Eric Idle? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0079470_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Quincy Taylor? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0079945_shot_1411_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Persis Khambatta? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0079945_shot_1411_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Alison Waddell? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0080339_shot_0711_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Robert Hays? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0080339_shot_0711_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Grace Sullivan? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0080684_shot_1574_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Mark Hamill? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0080684_shot_1574_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rodion Salnikov? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0081505_shot_0449_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Shelley Duvall? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0081505_shot_0449_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Antony Carrick? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0082089_shot_0046_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kathleen Turner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0082089_shot_0046_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Aaron Henderson? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0082198_shot_1353_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0082198_shot_1353_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tim Herlihy? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0082971_shot_0831_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Harrison Ford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0082971_shot_0831_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Richard Angarola? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0083658_shot_0963_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Rutger Hauer? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0083658_shot_0963_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Stéphane Julien? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0083866_shot_0364_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert MacNaughton? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0083866_shot_0364_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Seam Turay? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0083907_shot_0633_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bruce Campbell? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0083907_shot_0633_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kaden Leos? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0083929_shot_0405_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jennifer Jason Leigh? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0083929_shot_0405_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Eric D. Sandgren? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0084726_shot_0283_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Leonard Nimoy? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0084726_shot_0283_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named John Cusack? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0086190_shot_0815_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Carrie Fisher? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0086190_shot_0815_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ernie Adams? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0086250_shot_1079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Steven Bauer? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0086250_shot_1079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Bill Nunn? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0086856_shot_0929_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Peter Weller? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0086856_shot_0929_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Tracee Cocco? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0086879_shot_0158_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Elizabeth Berridge? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0086879_shot_0158_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Ralph Ineson? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0087332_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Bill Murray? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0087332_shot_0798_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jiao Xu? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0087469_shot_0049_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Harrison Ford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0087469_shot_0049_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Paulo Benedeti? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0088847_shot_0109_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Anthony Michael Hall? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0088847_shot_0109_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Luis Javier? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0088944_shot_0634_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0088944_shot_0634_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Shaine Jones? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0088993_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called George A. Romero? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0088993_shot_0569_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called James Eckhouse? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0089218_shot_0327_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Sean Astin? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0089218_shot_0327_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Dan Hunter? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0089881_shot_0034_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Tatsuya Nakadai? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0089881_shot_0034_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Nancy Vee? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0090022_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Scott Glenn? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0090022_shot_0464_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert Ryan? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0090605_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Sigourney Weaver? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0090605_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Lia Beldam? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0090756_shot_0135_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Laura Dern? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0090756_shot_0135_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Keith Frost? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0091042_shot_0098_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Matthew Broderick? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0091042_shot_0098_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Mina E. Mina? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0091738_shot_0073_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kathleen Turner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0091738_shot_0073_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Pat Kiernan? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0091867_shot_0422_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Simon Callow? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0091867_shot_0422_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Rusty Goffe? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0092099_shot_0455_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Tom Cruise? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0092099_shot_0455_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Carol Krolick? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0092699_shot_0208_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called William Hurt? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0092699_shot_0208_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Hildur Ruriks? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0093565_shot_0409_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Cher? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0093565_shot_0409_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Mark Brady? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0093748_shot_0346_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called John Candy? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0093748_shot_0346_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sarah Heller? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0093773_shot_0212_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Jesse Ventura? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0093773_shot_0212_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Akio Mitamura? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0093779_shot_1047_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Peter Falk? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0093779_shot_1047_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Lisa Ann Walter? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0094226_shot_0237_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kevin Costner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0094226_shot_0237_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Colin Hill? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0094737_shot_0567_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Tom Hanks? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0094737_shot_0567_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Chris McHallem? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0095016_shot_1170_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Paul Gleason? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0095016_shot_1170_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Carl Palmer? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0095250_shot_0509_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jean Reno? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0095250_shot_0509_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ralph Meyering Jr.? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0095765_shot_0008_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Antonella Attili? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0095765_shot_0008_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Amber Estrada? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0095953_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tom Cruise? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0095953_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Lara Mulcahy? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0096320_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Arnold Schwarzenegger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0096320_shot_0085_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Dan Duran? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0096754_shot_0570_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Todd Graff? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0096754_shot_0570_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Guy Carleton? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0096874_shot_0647_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael J. Fox? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0096874_shot_0647_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Momoko Komatsu? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0096895_shot_0819_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Keaton? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0096895_shot_0819_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Ben Foster? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0097216_shot_0381_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Danny Aiello? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0097216_shot_0381_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Taissa Farmiga? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0097428_shot_0106_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bill Murray? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0097428_shot_0106_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael Fawcett? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0097576_shot_1010_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Harrison Ford? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0097576_shot_1010_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named M. Emmet Walsh? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0098635_shot_0556_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Meg Ryan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0098635_shot_0556_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Tom Branch? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0098724_shot_0474_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Andie MacDowell? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0098724_shot_0474_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Linda Taylor? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0099423_shot_1010_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Bruce Willis? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0099423_shot_1010_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Trevor Eve? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0099487_shot_0123_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Johnny Depp? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0099487_shot_0123_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Farrah Forke? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0099674_shot_1356_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Al Pacino? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0099674_shot_1356_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Nick Porrazzo? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0099685_shot_1132_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ray Liotta? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0099685_shot_1132_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Chick Allan? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0099810_shot_0285_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Alec Baldwin? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0099810_shot_0285_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jennifer Anglin? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0100157_shot_0365_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named James Caan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0100157_shot_0365_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Bryan Johnson? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0100403_shot_0517_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Gary Busey? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0100403_shot_0517_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Alfred Tiaki Hotu? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0100405_shot_0786_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jason Alexander? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0100405_shot_0786_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Alexandra Bastedo? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0101410_shot_0105_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named John Turturro? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0101410_shot_0105_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named David Gore? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0102492_shot_0086_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jamie Lee Curtis? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0102492_shot_0086_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Heidi Fischer? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0103064_shot_1206_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0103064_shot_1206_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Gigi Lee? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0103064_shot_2602_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Arnold Schwarzenegger? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0103064_shot_2602_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Candice Azzara? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0103776_shot_0719_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Keaton? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0103776_shot_0719_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Nicholas Rice? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0104036_shot_0336_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Stephen Rea? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0104036_shot_0336_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Mimi Lizio? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0104257_shot_0477_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Jack Nicholson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0104257_shot_0477_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Emma Julia Jacobs? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0104348_shot_0340_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Ed Harris? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0104348_shot_0340_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Carla Lizzette Mejia? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0105236_shot_0193_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Harvey Keitel? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0105236_shot_0193_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Terence Yin? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0105665_shot_0351_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kyle MacLachlan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0105665_shot_0351_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Julia Hsu? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0105695_shot_1436_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jaimz Woolvett? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0105695_shot_1436_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Hermione Baddeley? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0106977_shot_1604_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tommy Lee Jones? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0106977_shot_1604_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Honey Chhaya? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0107614_shot_0116_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Sally Field? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0107614_shot_0116_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Arthur Senzy? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0108399_shot_0778_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Christopher Walken? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0108399_shot_0778_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Fiona Sit? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0109831_shot_0298_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Hugh Grant? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0109831_shot_0298_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Renée Zellweger? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0111280_shot_0258_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Gates McFadden? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0111280_shot_0258_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael Angarano? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0111280_shot_1479_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called William Shatner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0111280_shot_1479_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Richard Rohrbough? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0112384_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Kathleen Quinlan? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0112384_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Veronica Diaz Carranza? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0112641_shot_0412_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Robert De Niro? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0112641_shot_0412_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Pierre Malherbe? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0112740_shot_1056_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Denzel Washington? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0112740_shot_1056_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Bill Pullman? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0113101_shot_0547_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tim Roth? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0113101_shot_0547_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Honey Chhaya? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0114369_shot_1138_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Brad Pitt? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0114369_shot_1138_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Benjamin Nitze? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0114388_shot_0162_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Emma Thompson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0114388_shot_0162_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Francis P. Hughes? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0114388_shot_1207_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Hugh Grant? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0114388_shot_1207_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Zach Hopkins? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0115798_shot_0844_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Jim Carrey? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0115798_shot_0844_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Renee Herlocker? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0116367_shot_0755_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named George Clooney? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0116367_shot_0755_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Ben Crowley? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0116629_shot_1570_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Will Smith? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0116629_shot_1570_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called E. Katherine Kerr? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0116695_shot_0343_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Tom Cruise? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0116695_shot_0343_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Billy Dee? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0117060_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Tom Cruise? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0117060_shot_0412_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Carrie Lazar? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0117060_shot_1401_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jean Reno? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0117060_shot_1401_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jill Teed? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0117381_shot_0798_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Edward Norton? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0117381_shot_0798_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Michael Tezla? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0117500_shot_2467_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Ed Harris? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0117500_shot_2467_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Paul J.Q. Lee? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0117509_shot_0041_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Paul Rudd? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0117509_shot_0041_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Max Martini? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0117571_shot_0475_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Neve Campbell? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0117571_shot_0475_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Frank Hoyt Taylor? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0117731_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Patrick Stewart? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0117731_shot_0300_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Debra Montague? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0117731_shot_1067_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Patrick Stewart? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0117731_shot_1067_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jenny Wilson? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118548_shot_1296_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Clint Eastwood? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118548_shot_1296_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Kate Winslet? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118571_shot_0627_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Glenn Close? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118571_shot_0627_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Arlene Farber? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118636_shot_0007_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Brad Renfro? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118636_shot_0007_img_1.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Sandra Park? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118636_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Brad Renfro? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118636_shot_0344_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Karen Strassman? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118655_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Robert Wagner? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118655_shot_0279_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Arthur Birnbaum? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118655_shot_1152_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Seth Green? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118655_shot_1152_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Sue Doucette? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118689_shot_0706_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rowan Atkinson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118689_shot_0706_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Hugo Perez? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118689_shot_0969_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Rowan Atkinson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118689_shot_0969_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jack Shields? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118715_shot_0079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Jeff Bridges? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118715_shot_0079_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Scott Adkins? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118749_shot_0795_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called John C. Reilly? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118749_shot_0795_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Chris Lowell? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118883_shot_0691_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Julia Roberts? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118883_shot_0691_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Roger Bart? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0118971_shot_0679_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Charlize Theron? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0118971_shot_0679_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Young-min Kim? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0119008_shot_0979_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Al Pacino? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0119008_shot_0979_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Neil Tweddle? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0119094_shot_0446_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Nicolas Cage? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0119094_shot_0446_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Juan Gabriel Pareja? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0119116_shot_0721_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Bruce Willis? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0119116_shot_0721_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Troye Sivan? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0119174_shot_0439_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Michael Douglas? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0119174_shot_0439_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Carola McGuinness? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0119314_shot_0572_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Scarlett Johansson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0119314_shot_0572_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box called Daisy Beaumont? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0119528_shot_0171_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Jim Carrey? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0119528_shot_0171_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Eliot Paton? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0119528_shot_0761_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jim Carrey? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0119528_shot_0761_img_1.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Jari Kinnunen? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0119643_shot_0330_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Brad Pitt? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0119643_shot_0330_img_0.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Anthony Hopkins? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0119738_shot_0201_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Christopher Masterson? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0119738_shot_0201_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Edwin Craig? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0119822_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Greg Kinnear? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0119822_shot_0878_img_0.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box named Aleksandr Dubina? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0120338_shot_0444_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Kate Winslet? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0120338_shot_0444_img_2.jpg	Is the actor inside the red bounding box named Donald Gibb? Please answer yes or no.	No
tt0120338_shot_1130_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Leonardo DiCaprio? Please answer yes or no.	Yes
tt0120338_shot_1130_img_2.jpg	Is the person inside the red bounding box called Anne Betancourt? Please answer yes or no.	No
